Heino come back in this video we're going to be looking at adding a Twitter logon point.
Let's recap what we've got already and that is we have a flask app and this app allows us to serve content
over the Internet when users access our site with a specific end point.
So when users access this endpoint which is HTP call on 6:59 point of going we one this and point him
in our app we're going to give them the contents of this method which is the template rendered which
is home to huge DML and we've created them before.
If we're not sure what hits them at least for now.
Or how does it work.
Don't worry about it we're going to be covering that as we go along in this video I want to introduce
to you this concept here in flask and at the tooter log in point.
So what we're going to do is first of all create a new route route never sure which one it is and I'm
going to call it loggin Twitter.
This is going to the purpose of this End Point is going to be to allow users to log in to it now directly
below this at thing which is called a decorator.
We're going to be looking into those as well.
We have to define a method which I'm going to call Twitter logon.
You can call it whatever you want.
And similarly you can call the end point whatever you want.
It doesn't have to be called that.
And in here we're going to create the contents of a method and that method is going to get evaluated
when the user arrives on this site.
At this point now I'm sure you remember the different steps that we have to go through in order to allow
the user to sign in with Twitter in our Twitter app.
The first step was to get a request token I'm sure you remember the second step was to get in or of
verification.
And the third step was to get the access token the access token requires that the user has pressed the
I agree to sign in with Twitter on this app.
And when the user presses a button we get to the author verify before we get the or if any fire we need
the request logon.
So that's the first thing to do.
Get a request though.
Fortunately we already have a method that allows us to get a request token.
We've written it inside Twitter Eutelsat and it is called Get request token and that's you remember
what this does is it goes to the Tutera API and posts for you Arel and that gets back a request to open
.
So let's go back to our app and import that method from Twitter you teals the top import get replaced
too.
So we are going to be importing that and then all we have to do is say request can equals get request
token.
So we're putting the contents returned by this method.
Inside this fanciable remember this variable can be called anything you want.
It doesn't have to be called request token.
Now at the end of this method we are going to be redirecting the user to Twitter so we can confirm authorization
.
We're going to be redirecting the user to Twitter so they can confirm the authorization and then we're
going to ask Twitter to redirect the user back to us with that authorization.
So in between those two steps the user is not going to be inside our app it's going to be he's going
to be or she's going to be at Twitter dot com which means that because this request token variable is
defined inside this method she can see it's inside the method as soon as we leave the method.
This variable is going to disappear.
It's going to get deleted and when the user comes back and we need to use the request token to generate
the access token we're not going to have the request token because we're going to have lost it.
So we need a way to keep this request tokens somewhere.
We need a way to make sure this request token is still available when the user returns.
Unfortunately that is a thing that is very popular these days and that's called Cookie's sessions.
I'm going to briefly explain what cookies and sessions are.
But first let's write some code that is going to allow us to use the session.
And then I'll explain.
Here are the top.
Make sure that you import a section from flask and then down here say session request token equals request
token OK this probably sounds familiar looks familiar as it looks like a dictionary.
So you could assume the session is a dictionary.
I think this is something very similar to so for all intents and purposes we can say that the session
is a dictionary and I'm telling you this session is persistent between requests.
So when the user leaves or site and then comes back we're going to know that this request token belongs
to that use.
And how does that happen.
Well with cookies a cookie is just a bit of data that our server our flask app can give the user and
it gets stored on the browser that is there.
There their browser Google Chrome Safari Firefox et cetera.
So that cookie get store in their browser and that cookie has a unique number which allows a flask to
link it to a specific section.
The sessions are saved in our hard drive in our computer and our server.
So when the user comes in with a cookie flask we'll know OK that cookie is linked to the session and
then we will be able to load the session that belongs to that user and that will have a request or can
end it so we can get it back.
And that happens whenever the user gets to our site.
We give them a cookie and that cookie then it uniquely identifies a session on our server.
So the cookie doesn't contain important data.
The only thing it contains is a number which allows the server to identify a session that is stored
in the hard drive and that in-session can have any data we want in it.
And what we're seeing in it now is a request token.
So when they use an R arrives at the home page or indeed this page or need any page flask is going to
give them a cookie and that cookie and it's going to create a section in the server.
The session is going to be empty initially but we can put anything we want in it.
And whenever the user returns in all of these methods we will have access to the session which is unique
for that user and has data that that user put in.
It's a bit confusing.
But let's continue with it and I'm sure that it will grow on you how this works over time.
Now that we've gotten the request and stored in the session which you'll accept for now the user what
the server knows that this belongs to that users or whenever the user comes back.
We can.
We can use that now that we've got that stored and it's going to persist between requests we can redirect
the user.
So what we're going to do here in flask is they return a redirect and we have to import redirect from
a flask as well.
And here we can just put a U or else such as example dot com we can just do that.
For example let's press play now in our app and then let's go to it and go to log in log in Twitter
and we get an internal server error because of the session.
It's not secured to some app top secret key.
Equals 1 2 3 4.
Now this is necessary because the cookies are encrypted in order for other users to not be able to change
that unique number and then access somebody else's session.
So the secrecy is necessary so that the cookies can be encrypted and made secure.
Now it doesn't have to be secure right now but if you were deploying this to a server with a lot of
users you would want that to be secret and to forget that it's necessary.
So let's leave that there and restart our app and then go back here and refresh.
And as you can see we get redirected to the example domain exampled.
OK.
So to recap what we've done is a sense of the secret key and then get the request token that we wrote
previously.
Put that in the session and then redirected the user to exampled.
Naturally we don't want to redirect the user to example Dockum where we want to restrict them is to
the you r l which allows them to click on.
Yes I agree to allow this app to sign in with Twitter.
So let's go to Twitter utils because we already have that you are here.
When we get the auth verifier we tell the users go to the following site in your browser and then we
give them the site which is the authorization you held with that request tokens or token appended at
the end.
So really we want the users to go to this you are all here in this string format blah blah blah.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to cut all that and put it in a new method.
Get off very fine.
You wrote
like so.
And then here instead of printing nothing.
We're going to print and get or verify fine you are.
So really all I've done is move this out and instead of printing it and returning it.
And now I can use this method in the app Doppie why.
Hopefully that makes sense.
What we're doing is instead of redirecting to example Dockum is we are redirecting to the imported method
.
So let's import it up here from Twitter utils get or verify your L..
Copy that and paste that in there.
And that needs the request token to be able to be the user.
Let's restart our app and go back to Safari.
You can press back then go to log in to it up.
And here we go.
We are redirected now to this AM the site that allows us to authorize the app and we know and love this
site already.
Now when we press authorize app it's going to give us a pin code and we don't really want that.
So what we're going to do in the next video is make sure that we are setting the app to redirect back
to our own application.
So we'll be seeing you in the next video hopefully you learn something in this one which was to use
sessions and about cookies.
Signing the session using a secret key and also the redirect which allows us to send the user to any
other page.
OK.
I'll be seeing you in the very next video.
So stay put and I'll see you there.